1. What's write through and write back cache and which one is fast https://www.youtube.com/shorts/zc6DFrVPR3Q
a) write through write data to both cache and memory so it slower
b) write back writes data to cache only, and it will write data to memory when it will be removed from cache (inconsistency issue if power failure)

2. Whats paging in os https://www.javatpoint.com/os-paging-with-example
a) Divide each process in the form of pages and also memory to same size frame
b) 1 page will fit into 1 frame
c) Physical addess is address in memory and logic address in address in secondory storage
d) Each process will have mapping of Logical address space to physical addess space called page table
e) Page table have mapping of page no to frame no
f) logical address space is devided into pageno+pageoffset
g) physical address space is devided into frameno+pageoffset
h) page offset is word no in that page
i) mmu(memory management unit handles this translation)

3. What's thrashing
a) A condition where a computer spends too much time moving data between RAM and disk, instead of executing tasks

4. What's virtual memory
a) Virtual Memory is a storage scheme that provides user an illusion of having a very big main memory. This is done by treating a part of secondary memory(paging/segmentaion) as the main memory.
b) By doing this, the degree of multiprogramming will be increased and therefore, the CPU utilization will also be increased.

5) Multiprogramming vs Multiprocessing vs Multitasking vs Multithreading
a) The concurrent residency of more than one program in the main memory is referred as multiprogramming.
b) When one system is connected to more than one processor which collectively work for the completion of the task, it is called as multiprocessing systems.
c) Earlier when computers were invented, a user was allowed to submit only job or task at a time. But later with availability of high-speed processor, one can submit more than one task.
if tasked is blocked for I/O system can execute other task called Multitasking
d) Multithreading is a conceptual programming paradigm where a process is divided into a number of sub-processes called as threads. Each thread is independent and has its own path of execution with enabled inter thread communication

5. Mutex vs semaphore
a) mutexes are better for protecting a single shared resource, while semaphores are better for multiple instances(counting semaphone) of a resource
b) Binary semaphore is called mutex
c) semaphone has wait(s) and signal(s) mechanism



